[Music]
righto a little snowy grotto you don't
want to do this what girls like a strong
step hello you beautiful people welcome
back to another video I hope you're
doing really really good today so you're
going to be a huge Christmas decorations
hole as you can see were in a much
different spot like since having this
fireplace I feel like I can't not do a
cozy little Christmas video like this is
the one time considered I'm gonna set
myself or like this is truly a light in
a second
be careful wait it's lovely and warm
let's hope it doesn't go out cuz I've
only just put it on how old could that
be if I'm falling away it's just fun to
close look I'm literally in my element
right now and I saw here for this time
of year I've been gathering stuff over
about a week and a half
everything I've got is from mainly
deranged Poundland home bargains anathan
and whereas the reciever shops that I'll
mention I've actually picked up so much
stuff and when you do shop out of it you
can get so many bargains so I can't wait
to show you everything being that
putting everything on like my dining
table and I desperately had to do this
hall at some point if Mason was like
Olivia the table is now full of like
glitter and everything and this is kind
of themed is like a gold white like and
a bit of rose gold - this is my first
proper Christmas tree thinking about it
in my own home and I've had like I'm
living in a house share a few years ago
when I've got some like Christmas
decorations but yeah go and grab your
cups of hot chocolate or coffee or tea
and get cozy because this is the time
before I begin I'm going to take you
with me first to some other shops I've
been around I'll show you what is in the
stores as well and then afterwards I am
going to show you everything what I have
actually picked her oh we have just got
to a retail park it's got a Matalin in
and I always get so confused between BNN
and home bargains and it's got a B and M
in and then I'm also going to go to home
bargains and
let's see what they have got see I'm
gonna start here Madeline I've got a new
sign it's a brand new red sign I feel
like see they're getting in the
Christmas spirit super early lovely in a
fresh red so we're going to pop on in
their car parts quite busy everyone must
be in the same mode but sparkly
definitely she got so many different
types of pinecones everything
so I think I've been in home barians
literally like half an hour I just I
don't know I feel like I'm having doubts
about my color theme on the tree now and
I don't if I like to see the sparkly
I found these rules that so first I've
got four cans of snow spray now this is
the most if you already have a Christmas
a green Christmas tree obviously this
depends on like what theme you're going
for but this year I'm going for that
quite why and touch of gold and my
Christmas tree that makes an already had
from last year is just like a plain
green one and rather than buying a new I
just thought I would buy a few tins of
the snow sprite and then I'm just gonna
spray it all and I was gonna pick up one
and then I thought I'm probably gonna
definitely need more than that so yeah
picks it for these were a pound from
pound land
yeah they should do the whole tree and
also you can just make like you know if
you've got any like green night garland
tight stuff you can just spray down as
well and I just think it looks so much
nicer like spray like a snowy color and
it's a bit more modern I think as well
that's just my opinion probably will go
I'll stop quite quick and they're
actually cheaper in power lines and on
my Amazon or anywhere so yeah definitely
get your hands on those also before I
forget to mention I'm wearing a white
top and I cleaned this fireplace out
earlier in a white jumper and I haven't
got like black marks anywhere or you
watch I'll watch this video back and I
have like black but it doesn't look like
it and but yet so I picked this mug from
the range it was about three pounds it's
huge it's the size of my head it fits
the biggest hot chocolate you could ever
want in a mug and I just think it's
really cute
I've got coffee in here right now and
here it says hold but a parishioner
first things first I got this set of
bubbles off Amazon got this Amazon Prime
so it came next day and it's 24 pack I
love the little mixture of white rose
gold and just gold they have these
in-home bargains where I think there are
a 16 pack which were I think they're
like 2 or 3 pounds there's like loads
detailed on them as well so they look
they look chichi
next I got these gorgeous white bubbles
these are from home bargains as well
there were about $2.99
super gorgeous and they're really nice
on trees like a medium size these are
from home bargains - they're like little
hanging
pinecones and they've got like a white
little icing on with a little bit of
glitter I just thought they were
gorgeous like I couldn't even put you
could even put those in like a glass
bowl of some sort not necessarily on the
tree as well like you could just get a
few packs of these and I had sheep they
were and then I got these which were
$2.99 and they're just they look really
expensive they're like a gold color
blackjack if you can see the detailing
on the like tree thing but I really
loved these he's like my favorite ones
got some nice furniture she's gonna go
down like I have got a Sony billboard
I'm kind of thinking like I haven't got
enough of all haven't got too much
I don't know but everything I'm gonna
show you is just like the starter so
I'll put the tree up and then just
probably add to it or see how we get on
from there and then next I have got
these gorgeous white feather boas super
dusty these are actually so expensive
like they're about between 10 and 20
pounds but I found these on eBay for
four pounds each and I've got two they
are kind of point to this as I'm lifting
them up right now but and yeah they're
way cheaper than normal and I've
actually I ordered some on Amazon Prime
as well there that's a delivery that has
arrived with my neighbor I wanted to
talk compare the two but I'll leave a
link for these in the description it
smell a bit weird I'm sure that'll go
off and then next I got these little
white branches now I went into the range
and oh my god like there was so much in
there they have killed it this year and
it looks so much more expensive like it
doesn't look cheap and it's such a good
price range right I think that's my
favorite Christmas shop so far because
they just have so much and but yeah
these are just to go like all around the
tree they're like white leaves add loads
of texture I tried to find these in
Amazon and there were so much more
expensive like this was only one pound
69 and I think that's gonna love Lee
again that you could put
this is a garland as well so it from
eBay these were like fifty pence just
like little silver bows I don't think I
can actually it how many use me because
I thought there are a lot bigger some
reason and I don't know if I like them
but there were fifty pence so I'm sure
I'll find some use for them somewhere
and then I picked up two snow blankets
this one is from pound land and this
would form home bargains I thought these
might look nice on the bottom of the
tree but if that doesn't work I can
always put them like in in the actual
tree you know like with the feather boas
I just thought I'd experiment with that
and these are about a pound each I also
got a decorative garland from oh and my
camera battery just died on me so then
also from the range I got these
beautiful single wrap frosted roses and
I think these are about two pounds each
and they're just sort of I think I might
have to go back for some more so I love
these they've got just like all frosted
rose leaves and I just feel like winter
wonderland vibes it's gonna make a
little grotto a little snowy grotto in
this house and then also I got this huge
one this was three pound 49 of its sweet
but it is really really nice and like
detailed I don't really know what I'm
gonna do this one cuz it's like a strong
stem like you can't really wine fair but
I just thought it looks lovely we've got
some gorgeous taut berry pick I think
this is like a mistletoe kind of thing
and it just little white things I saw
these really cute put these around the
house maybe or in the tree as well but
yeah for one-pound 19-inch like super
price friendly from the range just get
yourself to the range it was so good in
there
I think I'm much prefer home bargains to
be now I get them so mixed up all the
time
but I definitely definitely think being
in I mean horizons is better the range I
picked up fees like rose gold rose gold
these like deep sort of more pink roses
and these are really nice I think these
were about two pounds each I don't know
I think I'm just gonna pop these in the
tree but it's where I like with these
after Christmas you can use them like
around the house in little valleys and
whatnot but all this is envisioned in my
head I have no idea what its gonna look
like yeah so that is just how it goes
bald paper straws you can never have
enough of these and if you're a big
coffee drinker these just like save your
teeth basically I've already strategies
needs and they're super cheap and then I
got these from BNN for two pound 49
these BD chain 18 meters this is just
against I go around the whole tree and I
think they have these in quite a lot of
like waiting sections too in some of the
shops so definitely if you look at the
Christmas Day card or forget to get down
the wedding shop decorations especially
if you've got a similar color tree to me
because there's just loads of like white
stuff there and it's definitely cheaper
than buying like the Christmas
decorations because they just brought
the prices from the range
I love the baubles like the board was in
there look super expensive and I mean
not this one like this was from there
it's just a cute polar bear it was 2
pound 19 hanging polar bear how to you
is there and as well if you know if
you've watched a few movies you know
that we're getting a dog and this just
reminded me the Donnellan crazy dog mode
at the moment so these are like some
statement bubbles that I got and this is
like a gorgeous little gorgeous clear
frosted slipper and it's really nice and
I love the details like how nice is that
little heel and it was $2.99 also from
the range I got this glass ball ball
which was 1 pound 79 like it's huge as
well and it's got like little pearl
details around the top and then I'm kind
of like mixing this all in
I went to my plan and I'm not gonna lie
I wasn't that impressed like compared to
the other shops they were a little
pricier I would say compared to that the
official like compared to the range but
they do have like a three for two on at
the moment so I got this like white
fluffy bobble with some like gold on the
edges this was three patches you can
right put something in I love this and
this was four pounds and also from
Matalin I got this star for the tree
it's just like a rose gold one which was
six pounds I just really liked that I
might change it get an angel but I don't
know as a and then from home bargains I
just got these like cute little N and O
baubles Mason and Olivia and like really
cheap little gold they also happen mean
like silver and a bunch of other colors
also one good thing about getting all
your Christmas decoration and like
Christmas shopping now is that you have
enough selection I think at this time of
year because not everyone started buying
yet so you just yeah I think in December
there's always there's like sometimes
like home bargains I got this like berry
berry and these like gold very lights
like a little tester thing with a
battery pack and these were at two
pounds or something but if you can see
the light up and I'm gonna need some
more like that I did orders how
cute are these little birds with the
further tails these were only 79 P each
and I got three oh they're so cute you
could also you can use it from the tree
or like your table or again like
decorate like a garland if you feelin
create then from home values as well
I've got this beautiful it is plastic
but it looks quite glass just a clear
bauble with the feather on top what I'm
just trying to get it or like the tree
to look all fluffy three of these I
think they're about to patter me but
they're just quite big bubble bobble's
quite big baubles for the bottom of the
tree and I just really likes them I
can't wait to get to a garden center as
well I have a look round next I think
they would have sewn in that gorgeous
that walls got this gold one which is
attached
it's got attached to this one anymore
it's got something like done loads of
detailing on and I got this from vnn it
was only a pound and it's just like a
little Scots gold stuffing so I've got
this silver and gold Christmas table
runner from the range it was around
three or four pounds and really lovely
and I just thought it's got like a
little cute reindeers on and some
decorations I thought I'd go in a spot
in the middle of the table and perfect
for like Christmas Day or where left of
the baubles I got this from home
bargains it's just like a little feather
I want to find a really pretty angel but
I haven't seen it and then from the
range as well I've got leave that little
tingly boardwalk things this can just be
used like a little decoration around the
house just like hanging glitter true and
pine cone canal ring now these are so
nice like you need to put like little
candles in I've been using this in my
kitchen just wearing like little aloe
plants are Lovera plants and popping
that in the middle you could also get
like a bigger one and you can stretch
them too so you can put these on like
your dining table or any like table or
ever if you just want to spice things up
I thought that was really nice and then
obviously I've got this tree I'm hoping
not to set on fire this was from the
range and I think it was seven this was
a $14.99 which is such a bargain it's
like a a white frosty treat this is what
I want in my actual tree to look like
and it's got cute little base and you
should do like this you could put this
in on a table just like anywhere around
the house the decoration wherever you
think would fit it's also got the little
birds with fluffy tails and some
pinecones and I just loved it as you can
tell it so far the range has been like
my personal favorite so far they've just
got so much selection it's so reasonably
priced and it's just gorgeous in there
it looks a lot more like luxurious I
think then some of the other shops at
the moment also there will be
you know my Christmas tree and
decorations video following on from this
video I can't wait to show you anyway
guys my truth I think my fire has gone
out I don't know it's looking so bad
right now
and but anyway thank you so much for
watching this video I really hope you
stick around on this channel I've got so
much Christmas content coming your way
and cozy video but yeah if you haven't
already don't forget to subscribe and
hit this video ever liked and I'll see
you guys in the next video